[IntroStrings]
"Better prepare yourself, my genius in Technology and Weaponry will Leave you in Crutches!"
"Alright! Let's Do this."
"Let's Go!"
"Ready for Combat!"
"Those who threaten my friends and myself do not get out alive!"
"Look to the Sky, pal! It's gonna be raining hell from above here on in!"
"See this? This is my TLS-912 TechPistol. Built it myself. Isn't it a Beauty?"
"Good Luck trying to reach me!"
"Don't make my looks fool you, I have a lot of surprises for you."

[FragStrings]
"Stings, doesn't it?"
"Look a little higher next time!"
"Hey bozo, I'm not down there. Look to the skies!"
"Ha! Take that."
"Try using your head for once in your life!"
"Tails, One! $player_killed, Nothing!"
"See? I told you not to underestimate me."
"Whoa, that was gruesome."
"Eww.. what a mess."
"\cfO.O \cdI don't know my own strength.."
"If only Sonic were around to see that one!"

[RoamingStrings]
"Amy.... DAMN she's fine! \cf:3"
"Aye! It is getting rather brutal in here."
"Despite being very intelligent, I just want to be treated like any normal person."
"With these new weapons I've designed, not even robotnik can stand up against me."
"Don't let the fact that I'm young fool you... I can easily put you in your grave."
"It's rather dangerous here, I must find a place to take cover."
"Shit, my fur is getting drenched in blood. \cf:X"
"While this is very frightening... I must. stay. Strong!"
"Sonic.... *sigh* he doesn't seem to be himself anymore."
"My friendship with Sonic is being strained as of late."
"Has anyone seen Amy nearby?"
"Oh yeah, this one time, I got lucky with Amy. \cf:3\cd .. Oh crap, why am I saying this in a firefight?"
"Hey, stop looking at me that way $player_random_notself!"
"I find peace of mind in knowing my creations have helped many people in need."
"My creations can be of many aspects... life, death, beauty, fear, love, hate, healing, destruction, light, darkness..."
"The Needler uses a Chemical Compound that Dissolves Steel from Bullets and Transforms it into Razor Sharp Crystals."
"I invented the Chemical Compound used in the Needler."
"I found that If you take the Core out of a Railgun, it can be used to upgrade my pistol."
"I created my TechPistol as self-defense when my Lab was being raided by Demons."
"When my Lab was raided by Demons, I barely got out alive."
"I found if I reversed the Polarity of the shells used in the Blaze SSG, it will fire Ice Instead."
"The Sonic Wave Cannon is the Most powerful weapon I've ever created."




